Hello, you are facing upward.
You are Zhou Xiaoxiao, the kid from Happy Ann.
You are also a half-month person.
Don't be nervous, I have nothing to do with him.
Firefighters are still his enemies.
Upward, what do you mean?
You don’t need to elaborate, the same thing,
Your young master Yun doesn't ask you to do anything.
You asked me to poison my wish, it's impossible,
He got mad at you last time.
Say it once, he will only fool you again.
Although I don't care about that kid anymore.
But for my dad's sake
Let him live more
He will also call Jiang Xue’s daughter around
Daughter?
Of course I know
If it weren't for this stinky girl
Maybe I'm planning to get back together during the show.
Since it's something you hate, fine
Although he is a job
But I hope and die
Okay, you can do it
You can only see how wrong I was today
Even if you don’t take me with you, you’ll be obedient.